doctor Mac wheelie look a small green
car is driving along the road it's
moving very slowly
oh there's black smoke coming out of the
exhaust pipe
and from under the hood
[Music]
now the wheel has fallen off deer car
you must visit dr. McWeeny immediately
who will take you there
of course a tow truck
[Music]
let's go
hello dr. Mac wheelie please help this
small green car
[Music]
see you later tow truck well what's
wrong here I see this car has never had
a checkup
it has never seen a doctor before Oh
oh that's not right okay don't worry
little car doctor McQueary will fix
everything let's start with your engine
it should be oiled let's pour the engine
oil in here
great
[Music]
now let's change the air filter it will
prevent any dust from coming inside
oh the filter is really dirty we have to
throw it away we'll put in a new one
nice and clean marvelous
[Music]
now the radiator the engine heats up
when the car drives along and must be
cooled with the radiator fluid
[Music]
great job doctor Mac wheelie but we
haven't finished just yet
[Music]
there isn't any wind screen cleaner left
pour it in here
[Music]
everything is ready under the hood
dr. Megumi is closing it what else ah
let's put the new wheel in place the car
is ready to go thank you doctor Mac
wheelie you are so helpful as usual from
now on all cars will visit your garage
for regular check-ups look the car can
drive really fast after the doctor's
checkup and do you visit your doctor you
should be brave like the small green car
and visit your doctor for regular
check-ups
[Music]